NMS-12753: Add encryption option for snmp config (#3054) (#3295)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/provisioning/getting-started.adoc

Automatically discovered entities are analyzed, persisted to the relational data store, and then managed based on the policies defined in the default foreign source definition.
This is very similar to the way that entities were previously handled by the (now obsolete) Capsd daemon but with finer grained sense of control.

> ==== Encrypting SNMP Credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Encrypt SNMP credentials
```

> You can save SNMP credentials like readCommunity/WriteCommunity, authPassPhrase/privPassPhrase on the file system in encrypted format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can save SNMP credentials like readCommunity/WriteCommunity or authPassPhrase/privPassPhrase on the file system in encrypted format.
```

===== Encryption methodology

> A random password is generated (once) for `snmp-config` alias and it is stored in java keystore file at `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/scv.jce`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A random password is generated (once) for the `snmp-config` alias and it is stored in a Java keystore file at `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/scv.jce`.
```

> This password is used to encrypt/decrypt SNMP credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This password encrypts/decrypts SNMP credentials.
```
Does the password do this, or does one require the password so SNMP credentials can be encrypted/decrypted?

> ===== Enabling Encrption on SNMP Config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===== Enable encryption on SNMP config
```

> Enable encryption on SNMP config by setting the following system property:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the following system property to enable encryption on SNMP config:
```

[source, sh]
----
echo 'org.opennms.snmp.encryption.enabled=true' >> "$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/opennms.properties.d/snmp-encryption.properties"
----

SNMP config that is modified through the user interface will be encrypted directly on the file system.
Config that is updated on the file system needs to be saved with Karaf command `opennms-snmp:save-config` to get encrypted.

NOTE: Currently, SNMP config encryption is not supported on the SNMP profiles.

NOTE: Encryption Utils needs https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jce-all-downloads.html[JCE] (Java Cryptography Extension) enabled on the JDK.

==== Automatic Discovery

> Currently in {opennms-product-name}, the ICMP is used to automatically provision node entities into {opennms-product-name}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently {opennms-product-name} uses the ICMP to automatically provision node entities into {opennms-product-name}.
```
